Add interface to `lightning.qubit` MCM preprocessing (#760)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* `lightning.qubit` and `lightning.kokkos` use `qml.ops.Conditional.base` instead of `qml.ops.Conditional.then_op`.
  [(#752)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/752)

> * `lightning.qubit`'s preprocessing for mid-circuit measurements correctly uses interface information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The preprocessing step in `lightning.qubit` now uses interface information to properly support the hardware-like postselection for mid-circuit measurements.
```
